the UN Security Council on Friday heard
the latest horrors of life in Gaza
thousands of these children have
sustained horrific injuries such as
third degree burns amputated Limbs and
profound mental trauma the children who
die often do so slowly and
painfully algeria's Ambassador described
the situation as an absolute
catastrophe and we cannot turn away
we cannot remain silent and we must not
fail to act the United States
acknowledged ongoing attacks on Aid
workers three marked convoys have come
under Fire this week alone nearly 200 un
workers have died in the conflict we
have called on Israel to investigate
incidents where humanitarian workers
have been killed or injured to hold
anyone found responsible for misconduct
accountable and to take steps to prevent
such incidents from recurring the
meeting was called by Algeria Russia and
China after Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the United
States Congress downplaying the impact
of the war on civilians we are very
concerned about the humanitarian
situation in Gaza and we do believe that
it's time to stop the killing and we
urge the US to put more pressure on
Israel to achieve with ceas fire as as
quickly as possible the Palestinian
Ambassador noted the increasing
opposition to the war in the United
States we noticed 112 members of the
house from the Democratic party
boycotted the meeting 28 members of the
Senate boycotted the meeting including
vice president Camila Harris in addition
to that there were thousands of
Americans demonstrating outside one
thing council members seem to agree on
is the need for a ceasefire something
they called for in resolution
2728 back in March Kristen salumi Al
jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer